contributors String,
createdAt String,
createdAtAsLong long,
currentUserRetweetId long,
id long primary key,
inReplyToScreenName String,
inReplyToStatusId long,
inReplyToUserId long,
retweetCount long,
source String,
String ascii,
isFavorited boolean,
isPossiblySensitive boolean,
isRetweet boolean,
isRetweetedByMe boolean,
isTruncated boolean,
coordinatesLatitude double,
coordinatesLongitude double,
user_URL String,
user_streetAddress String,
user_placeType String,
user_name String,
user_fullName String,
user_id String,
user_country String,
user_countryCode String,
location_URL String,
location_streetAddress String,
location_placeType String,
location_name String,
location_fullName String,
location_id String,
location_country String,
location_countryCode String,


alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets add user_id bignint;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets add user_screenName text;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets add user_createdAt text;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets add user_followersCount int;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets add user_friendsCount int;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets add user_listedCount int;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets add user_profileImageURL text;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets add user_statusesCount int;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets add user_verified boolean;
  

  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets drop screenName ;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets drop followersCount ;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets drop friendsCount ;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets drop listedCount ;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets drop profileImageURL ;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets drop statusesCount ;
  alter table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets drop verified ;