create table spark_streaming_twitter_1.all_tweets ( contributors text,
createdAt text,
createdAtAsLong bigint,
currentUserRetweetId bigint,
id bigint primary key,
inReplyToScreenName text,
inReplyToStatusId bigint,
inReplyToUserId bigint,
retweetCount bigint,
source text,
text ascii,
isFavorited boolean,
isPossiblySensitive boolean,
isRetweet boolean,
isRetweetedByMe boolean,
isTruncated boolean,
coordinatesLatitude double,
coordinatesLongitude double,
user_URL text,
user_streetAddress text,
user_placeType text,
user_name text,
user_fullName text,
user_id text,
user_country text,
user_countryCode text,
location_URL text,
location_streetAddress text,
location_placeType text,
location_name text,
location_fullName text,
location_id text,
location_country text,
location_countryCode text);